=====STEP5=====

https://docs.hortonworks.com/HDPDocuments/Ambari-2.6.0.0/bk_ambari-installation/content/select_version.html


`
Log in to the Ambari Server http://<your.ambari.server>:8080 using the default user name/password: admin/admin.
`


Select Version
In this Step, you will select the software version and method of delivery for your cluster. Using a Public Repository requires Internet connectivity. Using a Local Repository requires you have configured the software in a repository available in your network.

Choosing Stack

The available versions are shown in TABs. When you select a TAB, Ambari attempts to discover what specific version of that Stack is available. That list is shown in a DROPDOWN. For that specific version, the available Services are displayed, with their Versions shown in the TABLE.


Choosing Version

If Ambari has access to the Internet, the specific Versions will be listed as options in the DROPDOWN. If you have a Version Definition File for a version that is not listed, you can click Add Version… and upload the VDF file. In addition, a Default Version Definition is also included in the list if you do not have Internet access or are not sure which specific version to install.

[Note]	Note
In case your Ambari Server has access to the Internet but has to go through an Internet Proxy Server, be sure to setup the Ambari Server for an Internet Proxy.


Choosing Repositories

Ambari gives you a choice to install the software from the Public Repositories (if you have Internet access) or Local Repositories. Regardless of your choice, you can edit the Base URL of the repositories. The available operating systems are displayed and you can add/remove operating systems from the list to fit your environment.


The UI displays repository Base URLs based on Operating System Family (OS Family). Be sure to set the correct OS Family based on the Operating System you are running.

redhat7
Red Hat 7, CentOS 7, Oracle Linux 7

redhat6
Red Hat 6, CentOS 6, Oracle Linux 6

sles11
SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11

sles12
SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12

ubuntu14
Ubuntu 14

ubuntu16
Ubuntu 16

debian7
Debian 7

Advanced Options

There are advanced repository options available.

Skip Repository Base URL validation (Advanced): When you click Next, Ambari will attempt to connect to the repository Base URLs and validate that you have entered a validate repository. If not, an error will be shown that you must correct before proceeding.

Use RedHat Satellite/Spacewalk: This option will only be enabled when you plan to use a Local Repository. When you choose this option for the software repositories, you are responsible for configuring the repository channel in Satellite/Spacewalk and confirming the repositories for the selected stack version are available on the hosts in the cluster.


=====STEP4=====


https://docs.hortonworks.com/HDPDocuments/Ambari-2.6.0.0/bk_ambari-installation/content/name_your_cluster.html


`
Log in to the Ambari Server http://<your.ambari.server>:8080 using the default user name/password: admin/admin.
`


Name Your Cluster
Steps

In Name your cluster, `type a name for the cluster you want to create. (mosru)`

Use no white spaces or special characters in the name.

Choose Next.


=====STEP3=====


https://docs.hortonworks.com/HDPDocuments/Ambari-2.6.0.0/bk_ambari-installation/content/launching_the_ambari_install_wizard.html


`
Log in to the Ambari Server http://<your.ambari.server>:8080 using the default user name/password: admin/admin.
`
Launch the Ambari Cluster Install Wizard
From the Ambari Welcome page, `choose Launch Install Wizard.`

IMAGE
https://docs.hortonworks.com/HDPDocuments/Ambari-2.6.0.0/bk_ambari-installation/content/figures/1/figures/170AmbariWelcome.png

=====STEP2=====


https://docs.hortonworks.com/HDPDocuments/Ambari-2.6.0.0/bk_ambari-installation/content/log_in_to_apache_ambari.html


Log In to Apache Ambari
Prerequisites


`
Ambari Server must be running.
`


To log in to Ambari Web using a web browser:

Steps


Point your web browser to

http://<your.ambari.server>:8080


,where <your.ambari.server> is the name of your ambari server host.

For example, a default Ambari server host is located at http://c6401.ambari.apache.org:8080 .


`
Log in to the Ambari Server using the default user name/password: admin/admin.
`


You can change these credentials later.

For a new cluster, the Cluster Install wizard displays a Welcome page.


=====STEP1=====
https://docs.hortonworks.com/HDPDocuments/Ambari-2.6.0.0/bk_ambari-installation/content/hdp_start_the_ambari_server.html

Start the Ambari Server
Run the following command on the Ambari Server host:


`
ambari-server start
`


To check the Ambari Server processes:

`
ambari-server status
`


To stop the Ambari Server:

`
ambari-server stop
`


[Note]	Note
If you plan to use an existing database instance for Hive or for Oozie, you must prepare to use a non-default database before installing your Hadoop cluster.

On Ambari Server start, Ambari runs a database consistency check looking for issues. If any issues are found, Ambari Server start will abort and display the following message: DB configs consistency check failed. Ambari writes more details about database consistency check results to the/var/log/ambari-server/ambari-server-check-database.log file.

You can force Ambari Server to start by skipping this check with the following option:

ambari-server start --skip-database-check
If you have database issues, by choosing to skip this check, do not make any changes to your cluster topology or perform a cluster upgrade until you correct the database consistency issues. Please contact Hortonworks Support and provide the ambari-server-check-database.log output for assistance.
